and that
four guys come soluble south we're going
with pokemon of the week has been
touched a sinister water type Pokémon
which is that the wedding has induced
third generation and in the evolution of
cold fish
let's see guys fraguan is a good
pokemon as physical is very painful that
I have to say it and I love it because
over is sinister 12 thousand types
favorites and I put it like knowing from are
your skills we started with the first
which is called a shell is a skill
pokemon news the third generation
that blocks the critical hits that is
that you can not make a critical hit
attract this is very important because
we could many pokemon with
periscope with skills that depends
much of it is very good critic another
thing is the strong cut skill
stability in introduced in the third
generation that prevents lower the
attack touch leave with intimidation to him
it would not affect him at all that he does not
lower the physical attack and skill
hidden hidden ability that has ground
It is adaptable for a bit mounted
strong is this adapt will lead in the
fourth generation that increases power of
attacks with those that are the same
type of pokemon that makes it even more
did not increase 50%
with the attack is like disarming boat like
to any game for whatever it is that
You get this stick you hit a lot more
strong as it becomes very much there is a lot
danger in falling for stability like this
that now let's see guys their stands
but these are important to know if
a Pokémon interests you or not in the team
depending on who has or who has more
or have less follow two courses
statisticians the first thing that I have to
Danish grau physicist who has kind
63 that is to say that those who abound work
a lot on pc is not a wild and then a
have attack 120 this yes that is
important in a wii physic but
since 85 this is also important
you will need whippet and then speed 55
It has little speed but we know
then I will say that you have access to a
ability that allows you to duplicate that
speed and then special attack 90
eticket crowe dan would not be worth emilse
of wii but could ignite attack as
ice radio and the courses you have the
which did not come out of good function but
You already know that I 'm not much of mixed
I prefer a function if in physics
the lizzy physics is the wikipedia pdf
web and then special guys have 55
careful the rays here can make you
much more has been created before I suppose a
little like to get out hitting hard
endure physical blows pretty well
but
I can not stand very powerful blows of
special attacks and now we're going to
guys with nature and skills
and objects that I would put to micro aura
agree first what is first
guys I do not use the mixer at all
we have said what I would put in athlete
firm or cheerful and two objects life sphere
from writing to the power 30 points
the all attacks on this damage and eye
that instead of life sphere can
put them periscope is this object
makes it possible for more critics to come out
media is like that as something that does not
has a normal Pokémon had a 12
I do not know how many or how much
would go up twice so let's go now
with eps 6 in life 252 in speed 200
in attack as you see the eps and what
we focus all on attack speed and
the six that are left over we put it in
entity attacks we can put going
put two there are some attacks that are more
conservatives so to speak and others
that are more devastating
Avalanche avalanche or air strike
to put two avalanche options
air strike can put one of the two
goal but I think I 'm worth it but it's a lot
more effective than avalanche because because
you kill those who can kill him
crowe give the fight from me and a blow
aerial with raised dragon dance that has
access to dragon spear would not kill
also the matter of the plants of
kill the big bugs many years
hit I think it's fundamental in
crowe give then you have as I said the
second personal attack of dragon dance
yes I have uploaded the attacks and
with a speed or sword dance if
you want euro for two the attack you have two
jumps two kinds of post with crown vale
then you have water-type attacks that
they receive being have two as said one
a quiet hits priority plus one but hits
more loose than hammering not both
first or one or the other is worth it because we
we are not cool like they are not spending two
holes in two water attacks not quieted
Mark martínez sticks much more
strong and hits more critical than quiet
but kuyt has loss plus one and hits
also the string of Viennese water
and as a fourth attack and last we have
two options also disarm an attack
which is very fashionable now because it removes
the object of hit the double damage if you have
people equipped over you receive tap and
we remove another rival is very very
important very good is attack or tac
shady have receive is open could
of critical blow that means that if
you put avalanche dragon dance attacks to
quiet and disarm is very very cool but if
you put aerial blow dance of some dance
sword quieted teachers hammer
minus a shine by changing air blow
by avalanche is also very good and
then the object if you go to critics like
artie that cited shady interests more
for the periscope but if you go to what
better attacks a little looser as a
remove and disarm you can put lives
out to boost their attacks guys
this is caudal is a bit very good and I
love this pokemon
really guys teams and our water
and I do not have it in the team because I do not
I fit but I will try to have this equipment
is pokemon in my team can we in the
team favorites the best twenty- first century what
you are going to see you are not going to see insurance and now
boy but you the pokemon to vote for
next week they are golem ferro
torm electro de felipe and even those are
the five pokemon with that boot for
next week and you can arms because
mountain
guys, so I hope you liked it
for a human week a big hug
I love you guys a lot and I already
bye